Add a security FAQ (#348)
Anarios/return-youtube-dislike: SECURITY-FAQ.md

# Security

### Are you tracking my viewing history?

No. The extension's code is public and you can see it for yourself. The only information being sent is the video ID, which is required to fetch the dislike count for the videos. There are no additional headers being sent. Over the communication layer, your public IP will be exposed to the server, as well as the time when the request was made. However, none of these are uniquely identifying you in any way. Assuming a zero-trust environment, the best we could get is a dynamic IP. Which, today is yours, tomorrow is your neighbor's. If you're really worried about your IP being traced, you probably already use a VPN.

### Can you uniquely identify me if I dislike?

> 
> No. When you dislike a video, we create a unique (but random and non-identifiable) ID for you. This is done to prevent botting. But again, it cannot uniquely identify you.

Reviewer: How is a unique id "non-identifiable"?

```suggestion

Yes. When you dislike a video, we create a randomly generated unique ID for you that is not tied to your Google account. This is done to prevent botting.
```

### What information do you have, exactly?

Just the video ID. Not your comments, not your username, not who you've shared the video with, not any additional metadata. Nothing. Just the video ID. 

### How is my IP stored?

> The backend keeps IP addresses in volatile memory (RAM) only. These addresses aren't stored on a hard drive, and therefore aren't logged. We hash the IP addresses, and that's stored instead. This is done to prevent database vandalism. A hash is a one-way function, so your IP address cannot be guessed from the hash.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The backend keeps IP addresses in volatile memory (RAM) only. These addresses aren't stored on a hard drive, and therefore aren't logged. We hash the IP addresses, and that's stored instead. This is done to prevent database vandalism. 

A hash is a one-way function, requiring guess and check to determine the original data. Since there are a limited set of IPV4 addresses (2^32), it is possible to reverse this hash, but hashing increases the effort required to do so.
```
